hi it's Felicia Johnson day to CES 2012
and can I say wow there's products and
technology available everywhere and I'm
at the sharp roof today and it doesn't
get any better than this with the latest
and greatest in technology today we're
going to take a look at the aquasport
the interactive display board system
made by sharp and there's nobody better
to tell us about it then my good friend
Gary Bailey hi Gary how are you I'm
doing great Felicia how are you I'm
great can you tell us the beginnings of
an I know nothing about it just a little
bit but I think you're the best person
that can tell me what it is I need to
know sure our new aquos board products
which are available in 60 70 and 80 inch
sizes now gives one display to use for
many different purposes it can be used
as the data display in a conference room
replacing the projector systems so now
you can get all your presentations true
high definition and huge sizes
additionally you don't have because the
soap right you don't have to dim the
lights anymore it also acts as a fully
interactive whiteboard place in a dry
erase board and it can even be fully
interactive where you can well you know
what let me just kind of show you some
of the product that's great that's great
so I can be the one of the things I want
you to tell me about Gary in addition to
what you're going to show me I can be in
detroit michigan and you can be in new
york city and we can interact right my
colleague in japan joining ok show me
this application here for a moment and
as you can see look at all the movement
on the screen it's fully interactive so
i can simply press a button and start
interfacing with it let me show you a
nice little application for things like
managing pictures but this to be four
documents or anything else we're using
Microsoft Surface collage here the
boards are fully compatible with windows
7 as well as a new touch back for
windows 7 from Microsoft so let me kind
of just click over here and the
particular product that we're looking at
this is the 60 inch correct this is the
70 inch models are pnl 70 to be we also
have our 80 to be which is our 80 inch
class size as well as al 60 to be which
is our 60 inch size now on the board
here you can see bunch of different
photos because everything is fully
interactive we can I'm going to need
move here we're going to need to expand
something we can shrink it using full
gesture commands it's my good friend
Josh over here but he wouldn't want that
show so i'll throw him back down let's
bring up another picture over here so as
you can see everything is fully
interactive i can rotate things resize
them do anything I want with it so now
your finger replaces the mouse now you
can fully engage your audience and any
kind of presentations you're doing let
me show you a few other applications
before you do that so I have taken a
series of photos and I have these photos
from my fabulous vacation and I can just
bring them up one by one I create your
own custom collage moving things around
bringing things in front of each other
and you didn't eliminating something
beautiful shot right here put okay Gary
show me what else you got okay let me
move over here for a second close this
down
what are we seeing here now so this is
our 10 software consoles the product pen
software allows you to write on the
board using our enclosed mouse our
clothes pen or your finger so for
instance I can draw or take notes and
annotate things great my to-do list I
can even draw a picture take that
and do whatever I want with it such as
rotate it resize it so the possibilities
with the aquos board is pretty much
endless right I can even import
documents into it so we can take a
tablet take a picture import it into the
screen and there you go so from the
classroom to the boardroom it does it
all it really does this is Felicia
Johnson again for a sharp electronics
day to CES and come on by take a look
it's fabulous